i feel like in light of everything going
on with the pandemic over time it's not
unexpected to wish there was a safe
haven where it couldn't reach now
imagine that being part of the end of
the world and you have to search for
that safe haven with strangers which you
start to question your companions i know
i would and that's exactly what 2009's
carriers is about spoiler alert this is
just my opinion of the movie and so by
all means go watch the film for yourself
and let me know what you think about it
links to the video are in the
description
i can already tell this movie is going
to start off with some sort of tragedy
the tone is too sad we open up to three
friends driving down a desert highway
brian is our driver his brother dany is
in the back seat bobby is brian's
girlfriend in the front and kate is
their friend
ah warm beer tastes like piss ah nice to
know that chris pine carries over his
charming personality from star trek to
bonen fabonan i'm appearing before you
as a neutral representative
fun fact while this film was filmed in
2006 paramount decided to wait to
release this film until after chris pine
found success in star trek which was
released in 2009 i'll read the map
can you
it has actual writing on it
the delivery of that burn was effortless
and i love it yeah no don't even slow
down you don't pick up hitchhikers that
block the road like that
think about it i feel like everyone was
kinda like this over the past two years
after the group goes around the crazed
dad in his car the group continue on
their way apparently they aren't gonna
make it too far though as dany's voice
narrates the rules they live by it's
clear that the world has been ravaged by
a deadly disease that's highly
contagious once you get it it's the end
for you
you follow them
you live maybe
that maybe isn't a comforting maybe but
considering the other option is death i
guess i'll take it after the group
deliberates they realize that they don't
have a way to fix the car and they are
almost out of options the only option
left is to go back to the data in his
car and try and convince him to help
them you know this guy is just laughing
internally watching them walk back with
the gas he needed in the first place on
a side note the masks they wear here are
actually just dust masks which are used
primarily for construction they actually
don't prevent airborne viral or
bacterial agents from getting into
someone's system so these masks would
actually be useless in this situation
frank holloway
calloway
he means well but i doubt anyone is
gonna be shaking his hand after brian
tries to take the vehicle at gunpoint
frank explains that the vaccine has been
made for the virus and he plans to take
his daughter jody there no matter what
after a little deliberation the gang
comes up with a plan
good old trusty duct tape i don't think
there's any other universal tool found
in movies to save the day after the gang
gets the new car sanitized and ready for
their journey they continue driving for
a potential vaccine or a safe haven at
least after some back and forth between
everyone they come to another car on the
side of the road
that scare was even more of a scare
because of the fact that we don't know
the rules for this virus being spread is
it airborne is it bodily fluids is it
zombie rules later that night the gang
sets up camp for the night
well this can be any good if they've got
enough ammo to spare just shooting the
air i'd imagine they mean trouble the
gang quickly puts out the fire and
gathers in silence to see what the fuss
is about luckily for them that's all he
wanted they weren't spotted and one man
leaves with the body the next morning
the gang drives through what looks to be
a fresh ghost town the group makes their
way to the school that was doubled as an
emergency hospital but no signs of life
could be found the whole wing we haven't
checked yet
these are not the people you're looking
for turn run get out of there all right
i'm big enough to admit i was wrong
about the creepy kid maybe
no i was right it turns out that the
serum they had only worked partially
patients still died and those that
didn't yet were simply suffering the
doctor went to kill the kids that were
left but frank couldn't stand to just
watch it happen
sometimes choosing life
is just choosing a more painful form of
death
don't
well that's a terrible yet true thing to
tell a man whose daughter is sick in the
car outside speaking of jodius collapse
in the back of the car and she
desperately needs her oxygen normally
her father would do it but since he
isn't there bobby decides she's gonna
help just go on ahead and get in the
back with her you might as well give her
oxygen at this point but bobby covers up
the seal and wipes away the blood on her
as she pretends like everything's just
fine once frank and jody get out of the
car to go to the bathroom brian throws
their stuff out and leaves them behind
as brian tries to apologize to bobby
bobby continues to keep her distance
since she doesn't want to infect anyone
else
well it almost didn't
that was a great catch though later as
the four friends are screwing around on
the golf course brian and his
shenanigans get him down in the sand
trap where he tries to get bobby to join
him well that makes two infected now
maybe i still don't know the rules for
transmission
meanwhile a mysterious transmission
comes through on an unknown radio
somewhere in the gulf resort
we're coming back i'm not sure if the
company is worse or being stuck with a
possible infected or two please
what is she saying
right
why would you call out to the strange
light source at least they were smart
enough to run as soon as they did but it
almost doesn't matter because no matter
which way they turn more of the people
show up as the newcomers continue to
look for them they hide in the kitchen
but they are quickly found also every
one of the newcomers carries a shotgun
and as they approach danny and kate
they're constantly cocking the guns no
shells ever fall to the floor as a
result so one can safely assume that
they're carrying empty guns the whole
time by the end of the encounter the
masked men are almost ready to let them
go until one of them gets greedy with
the woman
let the girl go
the girl stay no i love how that second
guy is just like i didn't even think
about that yeah oh yeah as they inspect
the girls to make sure they aren't
infected well something comes to the
light i'll give it to her she managed to
keep it a secret way longer than i ever
could have naturally none of the guys
want them to stay and they send them on
their way it's a quiet ride for quite
some time now and kate is shutting bobby
as she's paranoid of catching the
disease can't really blame her think
you're safe with these set people this
whole time only to find out that you
could have been in direct contact with
her since she got infected
you want to end up like them talk to him
these are supposed to be close friends
mind you when it comes to dealing with a
stranger little girl they can't pull the
trigger but when it comes to your
closest friend they're ready to cut all
ties just like that
get out
damn he didn't even need to have someone
talk to him and he's that calm about it
too at first bobby tries to rationalize
that they should let her stay but when
she doesn't listen brian takes it upon
himself to remove her and some supplies
from the car i i didn't know you didn't
know
don't you do that
don't you lie to me
i'm with him on this you can't even make
up a good lie as to why you wouldn't
know it's just almost insulting that she
would even try even as a last-minute
attempt as brian says his last words to
bobby he makes it known that he pieced
together that it was because of jody
bobby tries to defend her actions but
brian isn't having it as the remaining
gang drive away brian tries to act like
nothing happened and continues with his
old self
obviously he isn't fooling anyone as gas
begins to run out they run into a car
coming their way on the highway in a
last-ditch effort to get gas brian
blocks the road with the car and dany
tries to reason with them for a little
gas when negotiations fail brian takes
it upon himself to get the gas well
that's one way to get it done obviously
brian has lost his nerve but who can
blame him at this point in the journey
he's just lost his longtime girlfriend
and one companion in a world that
doesn't just drop options in your lap
this whole story escalated from zero to
100 real quick granted considering the
situation things couldn't keep going
smoothly but wow after dany tries to
tell brian that he doesn't think he
should be talking to him the way he does
brian puts him in his place by
explaining how lucky he is to not have
to deal with any of the death and hard
choices first hand dany has been able to
watch brian handle all of the hard
decisions and now brian has made sure he
realizes exactly how much he's been
sheltered
[Music]
i'd say that brian's talk got through to
dany but i'd imagine that he's gonna
lose his nerve pretty soon next brian is
not doing well with his new wounds so
danny decides to have them stop in an
abandoned house to look for medical
supplies
okay it's apparent that dany hasn't had
to be first into a place to scavenge for
supplies who barrel rolls into a window
without peeking in first needless to say
that would be a terrifying thing to roll
into as dany explores the house he comes
across medicine which is next to a dog
who is feasting on a human corpse as he
reaches for the medicine he disturbs a
dog who in turn rushes a dany it's safe
to say dany is no longer just the
innocent sheltered brother anymore this
may only be one encounter but it's
enough to set into danny's mind that he
really has been sheltered from making
the tough decisions this whole time when
he makes it back to brian he asks him to
take off his pants so he can administer
first aid to the gunshot wound he's got
it doesn't he
it's just crap luck at least they don't
leave him at the abandoned farmhouse
like he did bobby they put him in the
back and seal up the trunk like they did
with frank and jody as they sit around
the campfire that night brian begins to
fade out more and more until he passes
out dany takes this opportunity to sneak
over to brian but before he can take the
gun from brian brian explains that he
did something terrible before he
explains that the job he had at the
beginning of the pandemic digging mass
graves actually had them burying people
who were still alive when he finally
talks about that he wonders how he lost
so much humanity to end up where they
were the last person i'd hand a gun to
is kate she's been so ready to be
trigger happy this whole time
oh damn is danny gonna have to finally
shed the protector he's had this whole
time this is like the worst possible
outcome to this timeline
are you serious you've been so ready to
get rid of people and now that you
finally have a good reason to you're
gonna pass it off to the weakest member
of the team in the last attempt to play
off of danny's emotions brian tries to
remind him of the good times they had
before the virus when that doesn't work
dany tries to remind him of the rules
they put in place for such circumstances
as this
oh don't you love how danny just becomes
this stone-cold emotionally absent
baddie now that he actually has to kind
of makes you wonder if you'd buckle down
and do the same under the circumstances
it's a british sweet ending for brian
but honestly it's one of the better ways
it could have gone after they burn
brian's body and pay respects kate and
daniel continue on their journey
eventually the two of them finally make
it to the beach but this is no happy
ending for dany this is the first movie
i've seen in a while that just left you
with a bittersweet ending with no hope
of a better future it's honestly kind of
refreshing while pandemic movies are a
dime a dozen especially now carius does
a good job of hitting multiple issues in
a short amount of time and with an
ending like that you can't really say
it's a common story through and through
definitely a winner but that's just my
opinion of the film by all means try it
out for yourself and comment what you
thought about the film in the comments
below don't forget to like the video and
subscribe for more videos like this one
leave a comment about what i should
watch next and i'll see you in the next
video